---
permalink: development-tools
layout: post
title:  "Development Tools"
date:   2016-01-25 20:10:37 +0200
tags: tools
---

I definitely had a lot of fun and stress while learning, designing and coding this site. But it was totally worth it. I have learnt so much, not only on coding but also on perseverance.  During those times, there were bunch of tools and apps that had eased my learning process. I thought it would be great to have a list of those tools and apps for my own future references. Just in case I forget these sometime in the future.


- #### Google Chrome

  This is probably one of the most obvious thing. How can you build a website without a web browser ? The developer tool of Google Chrome is definitely a live saver.

- #### Atom Text Editor

  An absolutely awesome text editor with many packages and themes and very development friendly. The best thing about atom is that it is FREE and customizable.

- #### Prepros

  A very nice app for automatic compiling of SASS. As a plus it comes with a built in server. You can even test the site on different devices using this very neat app. Livereload is another plus from the app. There are just too many good things about this well-crafted app.

- #### SASS

  A CSS preprocessor that everyone loves. It will change the way you write CSS.

- #### Bourbon

  Library of awesome SASS mixins that will ease up CSS writing.

- #### Neat

  Coming from the same developer of Bourbon, it provides easy way of making grids. Although I don't use it much, the built-in mixins are very handy.

- #### Jekyll

  An awesome static site generator. This site is built on top of Jekyll.

- #### Github

  I should be thankful to Github for hosting this site and giving me a FREE subdomain. It also helps me track what I have done with my codes.
